Django-English-Teaching-Website


This is a web application built using the Django framework that allows users to access and purchase English teaching packages. The application features user registration, course package details, video content, contact form, and payment integration with Kuveyt Turk virtual POS service.

Features User Registration and Authentication: Users can register, log in, and log out to access the course content. Course Packages: The application offers various English teaching packages that users can purchase. Video Content: Each package includes a collection of video content for learning. Contact Form: Users can get in touch with the website administrators using the contact form. Payment Integration: The application uses Kuveyt Turk virtual POS service for secure payment processing. User Dashboard: Registered users have access to a dashboard displaying their purchased packages and videos. Password Reset: Users can reset their passwords if they forget them. Installation Clone the repository: git clone (https://github.com/mohammadrezaaghaei1998/Django-English-Teaching-Website) Create a virtual environment: python3 -m venv env Activate the virtual environment: source env/bin/activate Install dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt Set up your database: python manage.py migrate Create a superuser: python manage.py createsuperuser Run the development server: python manage.py runserver Configuration Set up your Kuveyt Turk virtual POS credentials in views.py. Adjust the media and static file settings in settings.py if needed. Customize templates and frontend as per your project requirements. Configure email settings in settings.py for sending email notifications. Usage Access the application in your browser: http://localhost:8000 Browse available course packages and watch videos. Register or log in to purchase a course package. Fill out the contact form to get in touch with administrators. Contribution Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or create a pull request.

License This project is licensed under the MIT License.